#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_browser.in
#
allure-behave==2.13.2
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
allure-python-commons==2.13.2
    # via allure-behave
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   automat
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   outcome
    #   trio
    #   twisted
automat==22.10.0
    # via
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   twisted
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
behave==1.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements_browser.in
    #   allure-behave
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   requests
    #   selenium
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   requests
constantly==15.1.0
    # via
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   twisted
datadiff==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
directory-api-client==26.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_browser.in
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
directory-client-core==7.2.5
    # via
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-cms-client
    #   directory-forms-api-client
    #   directory-sso-api-client
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
directory-cms-client==12.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_browser.in
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
directory-forms-api-client==7.2.2
    # via great-magna-tests-shared
directory-sso-api-client==7.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_browser.in
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
django==4.2.3
    # via
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   djangorestframework
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   sigauth
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   sigauth
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_browser.in
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   notifications-python-client
envparse==0.2.0
    # via great-magna-tests-shared
exceptiongroup==1.1.2
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
great-magna-tests-shared @ file:///Users/marclupton/Desktop/DIT/great-magna-tests/great_magna_tests_shared
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via wsproto
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   twisted
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   trio
incremental==22.10.0
    # via
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   twisted
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
lxml==4.9.1
    # via great-magna-tests-shared
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   sigauth
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   directory-client-core
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
notifications-python-client==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_browser.in
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
outcome==1.2.0
    # via trio
parse==1.19.1
    # via
    #   behave
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   parse-type
parse-type==0.6.2
    # via behave
pdfminer2==20151206
    # via great-magna-tests-shared
pillow==10.0.0
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
pluggy==1.2.0
    # via allure-python-commons
pyjwt==2.7.0
    # via
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   notifications-python-client
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   djangorestframework
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_browser.in
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   notifications-python-client
retrying==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_browser.in
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
selenium==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
sigauth==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_browser.in
    #   directory-client-core
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   automat
    #   behave
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   langdetect
    #   mohawk
    #   parse-type
    #   pdfminer2
    #   retrying
    #   w3lib
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   django
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_browser.in
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
trio==0.22.1
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.10.3
    # via selenium
twisted==22.10.0
    # via great-magna-tests-shared
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   twisted
urllib3[socks]==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_browser.in
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   requests
    #   selenium
w3lib==1.22.0
    # via
    #   directory-client-core
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements_browser.in
zope-interface==6.0
    # via
    #   great-magna-tests-shared
    #   twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
